welcome slash forward in this episode
we're going to witness what happens when
nature reclaims her dominion over the
primate branch of the animal kingdom
with the exploitation film wild beasts
to support your local water treatment
facility subscribe to the channel
let's get to it we open on a city in
well you can read i assume a bustling
metropolis filled with garbage and
needles
steel concrete and frothy water features
we then zoom in on the zoo at closing
time when the animals come alive
it's feeding time for the big cats who
enjoy their horse heads and tainted
water
laura and rip zoo doctors arrive to take
their evening photos the animals are on
edge tonight so they have to sedate
gladys
worried that she may commit infanticide
due to her [ __ ] cub aggressively biting
mommy's nipples
later on the streets a timid service dog
scurries gingerly across the greats
we see why when a horde of rats pour out
of the underground when some nearby
teens open their door to let the stank
out we see the rats are attracted to
their coital musk
they crash upon them in waves inviting
themselves freely into every part of
their bodies taking their sustenance
from the hormone engorged soft tissues
they're in
meanwhile rip and laura have a talk
about motherhood in the animal kingdom
and the constant tension between parent
and child
then rip drops laura off at a conference
for intellectuals
something he's too much of a mustache to
be interested in
back in the futuristic control center of
the zoo the lights indicate something
may be wrong in the big cat paddock
warner goes out and asks them what's
wrong but can't get a direct answer for
some reason
then the ground starts shaking and an
elephant bursts through a brick wall the
subsequent damage shuts down the system
which opens all the gates as a safety
measure rip gets on the horn and hears
about
not the zoo as one may expect but the
rats
you see their unusual behavior requires
a pro
so rips your man he heads that way as
they try to regain control and address
the bloody aftermath
similar attempts at controller unfolding
at the zoo where the men learned that
despite giving all the cats
cute names they were never really their
friends and they learned this the hard
way
as they are slowly dismantled rip has
advised the fire department to do what
they do best
start fires but once a few live rats is
samples
and then right in front of the wrecking
crew they have the audacity to attack
one of their murderers
filthy rats rip gets to the zoo and
finds it all disorganized but also quiet
and isolated which would be perfect for
getting his work done if only his dead
co-workers weren't strewn about so he
goes ahead and calls it in
in just in time as the escapees are
wreaking havoc all over town
he then orders some tests and brings in
all the scientists at his disposal he
also fills in laura who plans to use the
subway to get her daughter susie from
dance class
meanwhile general warnings go out to the
populace but too late as the elephants
are already choking and crushing their
way up town
rip and the police inspector nat find
themselves tracking a young lady in a
bug
being chased by a cheetah they don't get
to her before she wrecks the car but rip
does pull her out then drop kicks the
car door before they drag her off
back at the station we see it's really
pandemonium as they scramble to get a
clear location of events as the beasts
move quickly from street to street
and we learned that not even mass
transit infrastructure is safe as the
elephants stormed the airport
diverting a landing plane and causing it
to take out the electrical grid this
brings the subway to a dark stop in the
middle of the tube we also see that
susie's dance class delights in the
sudden darkness
going crazy for water as kids do while
soos herself sticks to coca-cola
because she knows who she is while on
the subway a tiger arrives and headbutts
its way in
it treats the car like a giant can of
tuna eating its fill of human flesh
laura escapes with the others but is
slowed by a child who is separated from
her mom in the shuffle
right as she prepares to die rip and nat
show up to address the report of a loose
tiger and they get gladys back under
control
so now everything's all right except
back at class there's a hungry polar
bear stalking around outside they hunker
down and keep quiet but they can't mask
their scent
so it comes through the mirror even
though there should have been a wall
behind it but the teacher in
an ironic twist loses her legs to the
beast now stained pink with blood
ironic of course because she used dance
productions to fund a non-profit
dedicated to convincing people that
polar bears don't pose a threat
to humans and are worth protecting as a
species we then see that tommy broke
into the kitchen to grab some knives
so they arm themselves and run from the
bear at the lab rib expounds on the
unpredictability and diversity of
behavior extant in the animal kingdom
when the results come back showing the
water is tainted with high dosages of
pcp
ah yes he was just about to suggest that
outside some animals are coming back
down from their trip and they're ordered
to be given no water until the situation
is resolved
they then drive to deliver the samples
to the appropriate government agency
stopping to pick up susie along the way
as the lights come back on they allow
themselves a moment to breathe a sigh of
relief
taking in the delicious night air
trusting that he fully understands the
metabolic rates of polar bears when it
comes to pcp
rip plays with the one outside the
studio as laura goes in to get susie she
finds the water guzzling freaks behaving
as animals
except for susie and they back away
slowly as tommy begs them to play that
one game where he kills them
and they die laura instead locks the
kids in to give them some time to cool
down
as the broader authorities are notified
of the events that transpired here
if you didn't know i've set up a website
where you can support the channel
through donations
any donation earns you a link to an
uncensored review of toby hooper's life
force
i've also got some horror movie themed
apparel you may like a huge thank you to
patrick for your generous donation
wild things was an absolutely bonkers
movie while i've seen a ton of reviews
that suspect
cruelty to animals i can't find anything
that actually confirms this so i'm
hoping it was all just good fun
if anything i think the major hindrance
in doing something like this now would
involve how up close and personal their
actors got with the animals it's just
not the sort of thing you're ever gonna
see nowadays if you enjoyed the video
i'd love for you to become a part of the
channel by subscribing
thanks for watching